---
id: "faqs"
title: "FAQs"
author: peerozo
featuredImage: featured.jpg
tags: [Flat, Rent, Food, Hostel, Apartment, Peerozo, FAQ, Price, Distance, Roommate, Facilities, Menu, Comfort, To-Let, Dynamic_Pricing, Owner, Partner, Investor, Parent, Professional, Student]
---

#### 1. Is the Peerozo also available for girls?
> *Yes, this facility is also available for girl students.*

#### 2. What is the price of a single bed in Peerozo? 
> *That varies accordingly with the type of apartment and rooms (whether 2 Sharing/ 3 Sharing). But whatever the price will be, it will be quite affordable for everyone who can afford to live in a PG or a hostel.*

#### 3. What will be the distance of a Peerozo from my coaching institute? 
> *The distance between coaching institutes and Peerozo will be a walkable distance or a very short distance that can be covered in a few minutes.*

#### 4. Who will be my room Partner? 
> *If you are a student then you will definitely live with students of the same stream and of the same institute and if you are a working professional then you will live with a working professional only.*

#### 5. What are the facilities that will be provided to a student who will opt for Peerozo? 
> *There are many facilities like accommodation in a comfortable flat with standard amenities, good quality food with good packaging and home delivery, RO water for drinking, an attendant to resolve any issue, also a help desk for room related issues and much more.*

#### 6. What if I wanted to change my room with another friend living in Peerozo? 
> *You can contact our help desk and if a change of room is possible at that point in time then you will definitely be shifted to your friend's room.*

#### 7. Are parents allowed to visit their children living in Peerozo?
> *Yes, they can visit and live in Peerozo if they want to for at most two days in a month. They have to create a booking on Parent connect prior to their visit.*

#### 8. Is there a Food option available in peerozo?
> *Yes, you can opt for food that comes with the best packaging and home delivery.*

#### 9. What if I don’t like a certain meal on the menu, Can I request a change? 
> *Yes, but it depends mostly on the majority because everyone has a different taste. So based on monthly feedback, changes in the menu would be made. Further, we will also bring up a brand new menu seasonally.*

#### 10. Do I always have to check-in & check-out at guard Desk? 
> *If you are a student then definitely you have to sign that because of the security purpose. But if you are a working professional it would be okay if you sign it but also it's completely your choice.*

#### 11. Apart from comfort, how the security of my children ensured? 
> *Here at Peerozo, we go by the quote that “Your child is our responsibility” so as far as security is concerned, a security guard will always be present at the Peerozo for the safety of your child and the entry time at the end of the day will be noted and will be daily sent to you at the parent connect platform. Along with that, the Personal attendant is a local guardian to your child. Also, He can contact Care-Hub 24 X 7 in case of any urgent issue.*

#### 12. What is the parent connect portal that is provided by Peerozo? 
> *It’s nothing but a platform where you will be sent the details about your child’s entry time at the end of the day on a daily basis. And if some urgency occurs one of them that ways we will be contacting would be through this platform only.*

#### 13. Is the To-Let Platform free for owners? What is its Use? 
> *Yes, the To-Let platform is free for owners. Whenever you have an empty flat and you want to be a part of our profitable network of Peerozo apartments then you can update your flat details from anywhere anytime using this platform.*

#### 14. What reward does the Owner get using the To-Let Platform? 
> *If your flat is registered for Peerozo, then depending upon how early you became a member of our chain you get a profit margin that we get from the flat.*

#### 15. What is dynamic Rent? Please explain the Fixed & Flexible component in Dynamic Rent.
> *Dynamic rent is the sum of Fixed (insured) Rent component + Flexible Rent component. Almost 3/4th of your usual rent will be Fixed (ensured) Rent component. That will be the minimum insured amount per month given to you and 1/4th will be a Flexible Rent component amount which is the profit share of your rented flat. If running in full capacity it will be higher than the usual price. Eg.- If the usual price for your flat is 10,000, then the Fixed component (Minimum assured amount) will be 7500 if running in full capacity, a flexible component will be (4000 - 5000). We highly recommend dynamic pricing because it will give you a profit of 1k-2k per month above the usual rent.*

#### 16. How is your Business Model Financially stable?
> *Our business model mostly focuses on two things i.e a student and a working professional. Every student and a working-class person needs a roof on his head which gives homely experience and is very Hygienic. If they get it at a very reasonable price then every student or a working-class individual would like to be a part of Peerozo. We also have our Food segment in place, which will absorb any financial risk which might occur.*

#### 17. What is your future expansion going to be? 
> *Our main target is to expand Peerozo to all the coaching hubs and metropolitan cities. And mostly, our idea is to give comfortable living space to the members of Peerozo but we would definitely look up to PG’s who would be ready to provide standard living like Peerozo. That’s the gist of our expansion.*
